
Evaluation for homework 03: Dice Game

Die, DiceSet, and HighRoll Program
Includes running DieAndDiceSetTestHarness
Includes running automated HighRoll tests
=========================================

A total of one point each for the following:

class Die         : Exists, coding style acceptable   - 1 point
constructor       : works                             - 1 point
roll              : works                             - 1 point
getValue          : works                             - 1 point
setSides          : works                             - 1 point
instan. toString  : works                             - 1 point
class toString    : works                             - 1 point
main for testing  : Exists, with some tests in it     - 1 point

class DiceSet     : Exists, coding style acceptable   - 1 point
constructor       : problem with constructor          - 0.75 point
sum               : works                             - 1 point
roll              : works                             - 1 point
rollIndividual    : works                             - 1 point
getIndividual     : works                             - 1 point
instan. toString  : works                             - 1 point
class toString    : not completed                     - 0 point
isIdentical       : had problems with this; see code  - 0.5 point
main for testing  : Exists, with some tests in it     - 0.5 point

class HighRoll    : Exists, coding style acceptable   - 1 point
TUI:              : would not compile; 13 errors      - 0 point
option 1 roll all : can't eval. due to compile errors - 0 point
option 2 roll one : can't eval. due to compile errors - 0 point
option 3 sum      : can't eval. due to compile errors - 0 point
option 4 save     : can't eval. due to compile errors - 0 point
option 5 display  : can't eval. due to compile errors - 0 point
option 6 quit     : can't eval. due to compile errors - 0 point

Files in Git      : all three present                 - 1 point
Test Harness      : passes all evaluation tests       - 1 point
HighRoll          : passes all evaluation tests       - 0 point

Total 19.75 out of 30 = 65.83% which is a D

Nice work!

